the streets are virtually empty in haa
Palestinian Village on the outskirts of
Nablus in the occupied West Bank illegal
Israeli settlements line The Ridges of
surrounding Hills construction of more
continues clashes between Palestinians
and Israeli settlers are common here
several Israelis and Palestinians have
been killed in this area in recent
months on October the 4th the Israeli
Army forced Palestinian businesses to
close and since then the situation has
deteriorated further people are here but
they are just too afraid to leave their
homes Muhammad dedi shows me video of
his 19-year-old son laib on his mobile
phone Muhammad says the University
student was describing his ideal wife in
the film and making everybody laugh but
was shot dead on October the
5th
the settlers gathered near the gas
station another group came from another
area they walked along the road no one
talked to them no one threw stones at
them they were screaming and swearing
suddenly they started shooting randomly
and smashed a car they tried to break
the door of our house and get in there
were bullets flying everywhere laib took
a bullet in the
chest this video shows the Israeli
settlers in the village minutes before
Muhammad says they started
shooting he says Israel soldiers stood
by and watched as the violence
began without the solders protection
they wouldn't dare to do this they want
us out of this Village laib had a lot of
hopes and dreams he wanted to be a
businessman he wanted to be a graphic
designer cameraman but these dreams are
now
lost leib's mom njla takes me to the
spot where her son was
shot this is m
[Applause]
when I heard the shooting I felt my
heart leap I started saying my sons my
sons his uncles helped him but the
Israeli soldiers started shooting tear
gas they laid him on the street and the
Israeli soldiers said no ambulance could
come we just needed an ambulance it
seemed that they waited for him to die
before they let the ambulance
in clashes broken out between
Palestinian yous and Israeli soldiers
during leib's funeral reportedly because
the Israeli military tried to stop
mourners praying in hawa's Central
Street Palestinians living along the
haira road have suffered Decades of
Violence by Israeli settlers living on
the Hills close by but they say that
since those Hamas attacks inside Israel
on October the 7th the situation here
has got even worse
Palestinian protests are increasing in
frequency and size across the occupied
West
Bank but so is settler violence against
Palestinians the United Nations office
for the coordination of humanitarian
Affairs or AA has recorded more than 80
attacks by settlers resulting in
Palestinian casualties or property
damage in under 2 weeks the situation
was tense in Palestinian Villages like K
long before the war leib's family say
the young man who had so much ambition
will always be remembered for his humor
and dreams Charles stford Al jazer
hawara in the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer